You're 10 years old. Your best friend lives across the street. In fact,
the windows of your bedrooms face each other. Every night, after
your parents have declared bedtime at the usual indecently early
hour, you still need to exchange thoughts, observations, secrets, gossip, jokes,
and dreams. No one can blame you. After all, the impulse to communicate
is one of the most human of traits.
While the lights are still on in your bedrooms, you and your best friend
can wave to each other from the windows and, using broad gestures and
rudimentary body language, convey a thought or two. But sophisticated
transactions seem difficult. And once the parents have decreed "Lights out!"
the situation seems hopeless.
How to communicate? The telephone perhaps? Do you have a telephone
in your room at the age of 10? Even so, wherever the phone is you'll be
overheard. If your family personal computer is hooked into a phone line, it
might offer soundless help, but again, it's not in your room.
What you and your best friend do own, however, are flashlights. Everyone
knows that flashlights were invented to let kids read books under the bed
covers; flashlights also seem perfect for the job of communicating after dark.
They're certainly quiet enough, and the light is highly directional and probably
won't seep out under the bedroom door to alert your suspicious folks.

String line = "This order was placed for QT3000!OK?";
Pattern pattern = Pattern.compile("(.*?)(\\d+)(.*)");
Matcher matcher = pattern.matcher(line);
while (matcher.find()) {
    System.out.println("group 1: " + matcher.group(1));
    System.out.println("group 2: " + matcher.group(2));
    System.out.println("group 3: " + matcher.group(3));
}

Из-за децентрализованной работы с данными, проводимой в каждом отделе
независимо от других отделов, в файловой системе фактически допускается бесконтрольное дублирование
данных, и это, в принципе, неизбежно. Например, на
рис. 1.3 ясно видно, что в отделе реализации и отделе контрактов дублируется
информация об объектах недвижимости и арендаторах. Бесконтрольное дублирование данных нежелательно по следующим причинам.

Code:
//put some code
public class Hello {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("Hello World");
    }
}

And here goes some sentence.